Imagine where you would be next year if you start right now 
The little progress you have made today still matters 
If you know you can do better.. then do better 
Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain
Your life isn't yours if you always care what others think 
Risking it's better than regretting
Mistakes are proof you are trying 
You are what you do, not what you say you’ll do 
Be a voice, not an echo 
Focus on the step in front of you, not the whole staircase 
Hard working today brings success tomorrow 
You only have one life to live. Make sure it's yours
Don't stop when you are tired, stop when you're done 
There's no “right time”, there's just time & what you choose to do with it 
Don't be afraid to fail, be afraid not to try 
All you need is believe in yourself 
Be HAPPY with what you have, while working for what you want 
Self confidence is a super power. Once you start to believe in yourself, magic starts happening 
Be a warrior, not a worrier
A ship is always safe at the shore but that is not what it's built for 
If you are the smartest person in the room, you are in the wrong room 
If the plan doesn't work, change the plan but never the goal 
Remember why you started it 
People are going to judge you anyway, so you might as well do what you want 
Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will
We were born to be real, not to be perfect 
Be gentle with yourself, you are doing the best you can 
Stars can't shine without darkness 
Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions
Start each day with a positive thought and a grateful heart
Be brave to stand for what you believe in even if you stand alone
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever
When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go
The most important thing is to enjoy your life—to be happy—it’s all that matters
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen
It does not matter how slowly you go, as long as you do not stop
By being yourself, you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before
When we are no longer able to change a situation, we are challenged to change ourselves
Failure is a great teacher and, if you are open to it, every mistake has a lesson to offer
If you don’t like the road you’re walking, start paving another one
Keep smiling, because life is a beautiful thing and there’s so much to smile about
When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too
There are so many great things in life; why dwell on negativity
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else
Nothing is impossible. The word itself says ‘I’m possible!’
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great
Dreams do not come true just because you dream them
Take the time to enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things
The future is not something we enter. The future is something we create
Life has got those twists and turns. You’ve got to hold on tight and off you go
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can
If you don’t have any shadows you’re not in the light
Dream big and dare to fail
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood
The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself
Be the change that you wish to see in the world
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not
Push through the pain. Giving up hurts more
If you never listen to anyone, you can't give proper advice
Sometimes you need a little wishful thinking to keep on living
When you give up, that’s when the game ends
Dead people receive more flowers than living ones because regret is stronger than gratitude
If you don't share someone's pain, you can never understand them
There's no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again!
The past is the past. We cannot indulge ourselves in memories and destroy the present
We need to stop living for others. From now on…Let's live for ourselves
People who can't throw something important away can never hope to change anything
A life that lives without doing anything is the same as a slow death
The ticket to the future is always open
It's just pathetic to give up on something before you even give it a shot
Miracles don't happen by just sitting around. We have to make them happen ourselves
Life is not a game of luck. If you wanna win, work hard
Set your heart ablaze!
Don’t wait. The time will never be just right
Don’t count every hour in the day. Make every hour in the day count
Freedom without discipline is chaos
A year from now you may wish you had started today
One of the best escapes from the prison of procrastination is to take even the smallest step toward your goal
Winning isn’t everything, but wanting to win is
Never be limited by other people’s limited imaginations
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today
Believe you can and you’re halfway there
Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud
The future is no place to place your better days
Just stay on track and never look back
And in the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make
For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness
The most important thing is to enjoy your life — to be happy — it’s all that matters
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts
All the world’s a stage, and all the men and women merely players
Some people have no idea what they’re doing, and a lot of them are really good at it
Just do it
Impossible is nothing
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment
Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about it
It always seems impossible until it’s done
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live
Never let your emotions overpower your intelligence
I have nothing to lose but something to gain
Whatever you do, do it well